listen Dave foods off watch it on single
customer she was a senior citizen I had
to help her to the death aren't you a
gentleman we should want a bed for me so
you had to flirt with her to make the
same come on baby thistle busy lady it
took a senior citizen food even think
about oh excuse me miss of salesmen sarf
enough when would you like everybody
else you forgot to text me you try to
text me to talk to me about your runs I
had a hair show to go to what was I
supposed to do uh be there hold my hand
maybe you like my ass I would say in
that bathroom I would have died please
you got your priorities straight no I
told you eat a steak and cheese how do
we get a mud look I'm a go-getter think
about schottenstein it should be you
seems like hairdressers all you got time
for words so why are you boning me yeah
so how about you do this put a gem head
on the turn bone there all right all
right all right all right around side
side side what's going on talk to me
look how do I know that the next time I
don't text you 3mon be laying in bed
somewhere so seeing or sensing if we're
going to be together and you're gonna
sell beds I'm going to need to trust you
what what come to a lot of stuff right
now as obviously it is what you got time
on how are you gonna tell me what I got
time for I mean if this is about me not
texting you I can fix that don't think
so you don't think so look so going to
district manager excuse me yeah well I
want to get this money there's no town
won't be when you decide this why a few
days ago so that's it you just gonna
forget about me saying oh we could still
be Facebook friends facebook twitter
babe babe babe don't stay Oh